what's going on guys welcome back to the
DX camera show i'm mike AKA operation DX
and this is just going to be a short
video really quickly I just kind of want
to talk about planets in space engineers
as it was recently announced by a keen
software house so a lot of you engineers
out there are expecting every update to
see that planet but that's going to be a
big big update so I don't expect to see
that in the really near future hopefully
there's gonna be a lot of bug fixing and
that sort of thing but with planets it
opens up a whole new prospect of things
that could be added to the game anyway
if you are a relatively active space
engineer on the Steam Workshop you are
probably very familiar with what I am
driving around on right now as this has
been in the top spot on the Steam
Workshop for several days now and it is
a very very cool world no it is not a
full circular planet it is a flat 1000 x
1000 space to kind of get a idea of what
planets could look like in space
engineers and once i saw this i'm like
oh yeah yeah that could be cool the big
question is what exactly is this going
to bring to the table for space
engineers now I can see where they could
add a whole bunch of extra content to
the game where you can maybe grow food
and this could be another place where
you can get oxygen perhaps they can add
some enemy AI to threaten you here you
can build some buildings maybe they'll
add some additional blocks and stuff
that will be more curtailed for this
specific kind of thing but it's similar
to my question I was asking in my 7 days
to die video where is one point 0 going
to be in space engineers
so like I don't know where they are as
far as funding their game and I know
that they started working on another
project recently medieval engineers so
yeah but anyways it's it's all really
very cool and it seems pretty exciting
so I can't wait to see what keen does
because a lot of the stuff they've added
to the game has been really really cool
although I wouldn't mind seeing some bug
fixing because there has been some
issues and recently they completely
turned off the rag doll understandably
because we are having all kinds of crazy
issues death on the exit of cockpit and
the jet-pack would just go freakin wild
Anya all the time but just real quick on
to give credit to all the assets that
they used in this video none of them
were mine and these are all available on
the Steam Workshop the ship I flew in
the beginning the little truck or car I
drove around and then the ship just kind
of hanging up in the air that stuff is
all on the Steam Workshop anyways that's
pretty much it for this one thanks for
watching I'll see you next time
you